.\" Copyright (C) 2012 International Business Machines Corporation
.\"
.de Sh \" Subsection
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Ip \" List item
.br
.ie \\n(.$>=3 .ne \\$3
.el .ne 3
.IP "\\$1" \\$2
..
.TH "ptsc.conf" 5 "2012-01-04" "OpenPTS"
.ce 1
Open Platform Trust Services(PTS)
.SH NAME
tcsd.conf \- configuration file for the PTS collector.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
This file, by default
.IR /etc/ptsc.conf
is read by the ptsc command, (see ptsc(8)).
The ptsc.conf file that is installed by openpts contains all the default options, commented out.

.SH "OPTIONS(Generic)"
.PP
.BI config.dir
The directory to store the platform/collector data. /var/lib/openpts

.BI ir.dir
The directory to store the integrity report. /tmp/.ptsc

.BI uuid.file
The file store the UUID of the collector. /var/lib/openpts/uuid

.BI newrm.uuid.file
The file store the UUID of the new manifest. /var/lib/openpts/newrm_uuid

.BI ifm.timeout
The timeout value [sec].

.BI srk.password.mode
The SRK authentication type.
.br
null    tpm_takeownership with null password (just enter)
.br
known   tpm_takeownership with -z option

.BI tpm.resetdalock
Force reset the TPM LOCK FLAG if your TPM returns 0x803 error. "on" or "off"(default)

.BI tpm.quote.type
Select TPM_Quote or TPM_Quote2 for an attestation. 
OpenSSL before version 1.0 can't validate TPM_Quote2 signature.
If the platform uses DRTM, use quote2 to cover PCR16-23
./br
quote  TPM v1.1b. PCR[0:15]
.br
quote2 TPMv1.2 PCR[0:23]


.BI iml.mode
Select the IML access types.
.br
tss        via TSS
.br
securityfs direct access to the IML files

.BI bios.iml.file
For iml.mode=tss.
/sys/kernel/security/tpm0/binary_bios_measurements

.BI runtime.iml.file
For iml.mode=tss.
/sys/kernel/security/ima/binary_runtime_measurements

.BI pcrs.file
For iml.mode=tss.
/sys/class/misc/tpm0/device/pcrs

.BI runtime.iml.type
Select binary format of Linux-IMA
.br
IMAORIG kernel 2.6.XX - 2.6.29
.br
IMA31   kernel 2.6.30 - 2.6.31
.br
IMA32   kernel 2.6.32 -

.BI aik.storage.type
Select storage location of AIK. For Infineon v1.2 TPM use "blob".
.br
tss  TSS PS storage
.br
blob file


#
BI. aik.storage.filename
The filename of key blob file. ./key.blob

BI. aik.auth.type
The authentication type of AIK.
./br
null    null
./br
common  Common secret


.SH "OPTIONS(Validation Models)"
.PP

.BI model.dir
The location of model files. /usr/share/openpts/models

.BI rm.basedir
The directory to store the manifests. /var/lib/openpts/

.BI. rm.num
The number/level of manifest.

.BI rm.model.NUM1.pcr.NUM2
The validatiom model for each level(NUM1) and pcr index(NUM2).

.SH "OPTIONS (Debug)"
.PP
.BI logging.file
The location of logging file.

.BI logging.location
The logging loation: syslog, console

.BI debug.mode
The debbug mode. Set 0x01 for debug.


.SH "EXAMPLE (PC PLATFORM)"
.PP
.IP
.nf
model.dir=/usr/share/openpts/models
rm.basedir=/var/lib/openpts/
rm.num=1
rm.model.0.pcr.0=bios_pcr0.uml
rm.model.0.pcr.1=bios_pcr1.uml
rm.model.0.pcr.2=bios_pcr2.uml
rm.model.0.pcr.3=bios_pcr3.uml
rm.model.0.pcr.4=bios_pcr4.uml
rm.model.0.pcr.5=bios_pcr5.uml
rm.model.0.pcr.6=bios_pcr6.uml
rm.model.0.pcr.7=bios_pcr7.uml
.fi
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBptsc\fR(8)
.SH "AUTHOR"
Seiji Munetoh
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <openpts-users@lists.sourceforge.jp>


